To test this AI, "cd" into this directory and run "make". Copy
and paste the code in the resulting file "out.c" into the
ZeroRobotics IDE. You will need to have this entire directory
to "make" "out.c" successfully. You will also need Brooks'
Vfunc.



This is a simple satellite that attempts to dock with the panel
and then with the station, without using any defensive or
offensive strategies:

1) The satellite moves to the same plane as the panel init
circle, but outside it, so that it doesn't need to rotate as
much to find the panel. How far away from the center of the
panel init circle it goes is controlled by a macro in
S_Macros.c (SEARCH_DISTANCE).

2) The satellite finds the two tangent lines to the panel init
circle that goes through its location, and searches inside this
angle. These two tangent lines are constantly refreshed to
accomodate drift. To control its rate of search, the satellite
sets its attitude target to a point some angle away from its
current attitude target. This angle is also controlled by a
macro in S_Macros.c (SEARCH_ANGULAR_VELOCITY).

3) The satellite moves in front of the panel to dock with it,
then in front of the station to dock with that. The target
distance from the panel/station is controlled by a macro in
S_Macros.c (DOCK_DISTANCE).

Since it's impossible for the satellite to be exactly at a
position, it must be willing to tolerate some degree of error.
This tolerance is controlled by... Ah, you get the point
(ERROR_TOLERANCE).



Experimentation is needed to see which set of constants should
be used in S_Macros.c to get the best results.

Also, if better movement and/or attitude target functions are
ever made, change the defines in "S_Macros.c" to the names of
those functions.

